This is our project, which has a purpose to alert the user whenever the potentiometer's value is over a certain amount. This potentiometer can easily be replaced by other sensors such as temperature sensors, humidity sensors, CO2 concentration sensors and NO2 concentration sensors that can be useful for various reasons. After this device alerts users, they can take action depending on the severity of the issue with the various outputs in our device

Due to the limited size of the breadboard, there are only 5 components of this device including three outputs and two inputs. The potentiometer is the first input device in which the sensor can be replaced by any other sensor, depending on the intending purpose of the user. The second input is the button, where the user presses the button to alert the user whether there is a problem that the sensor is detecting. These are sent to the PicoW in which the code assesses the input values and sends them to the output values. The fist output is the onboard LED on the PicoW Raspberry Pi. This is a small green LED that turns on when the potentiometer has a reading of under 50000. However, this can be changed to the unit of measurement for each sensor. The second output is the external LED where is turns on a bright red LED to alert the user that the potentiometer value is above 50000. The third output is the buzzer where it alerts the user for emergencies and the potentiometer is above 60000. It plays a tune in which the user is alerted to take drastic action. Together, these inputs and outputs are combined to help users to be more safe in their environments. 

The use of this project is to alert users about potential problems around their household. The code can be running infinitely without crashing the CPU due to the delay that we have added. When the code is running, if the user decides to press the button, the device will send a different output depending on what the sensor detects. Whenever the user wants to see the current value of the sensor, they can see the console where the value is printed. After the user sees or hears an input they can decide what action they want to take depending on the output that the device provides. The usage of this device can help home owners be safer in their houses. 
